============================================================
            The font family URW Letter Gothic
============================================================
                                                  2005-02-02
                                              Walter Schmidt
                                      w-a-schmidt(at)gmx.net


Using URW Letter Gothic with LaTeX
==================================

Letter Gothic is set of of general-purpose monospaced
(typewriter) fonts.  Loading of the package ulgothic.txt

  \usepackage{ulgothic}
  
makes LaTeX use them as the default typewriter font family,
i.e., the font family that is used with \ttfamily or 
\texttt.

Notice that the URW Letter Gothic fonts are supported with
T1 (european) and TS1 (textcompanion) encoding only, so you
should issue the commands

  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp}

in the document preamble.  The obsolete OT1 encoding, which
is still the default with LaTeX, is _not_ supported.

The Letter Gothic fonts appear somewhat larger than many
other font families, when used at the same nominal size.
This can be fixed by loading the package so with the option
[scaled=...].  For instance,

  \usepackage[scaled=0.9]{ulgothic}

loads the Letter Gothic fonts, scaled down to 90% of their
"natural" size.  Omitting the factor, i.e.,

  \usepackage[scaled]{ulgothic}

selects a default scaling of 85%, which makes the height of
the letters match CM typewriter.


NFSS classification:

encodings  family  series  shape(s)  FontName(s)
--------------------------------------------------------
T1, TS1    ulg     m       n, it     LetterGothic-Bol,
                                     LetterGothic-BolIta

Note that the series "m" is assigned to a set of "Bold"
fonts, because they are not very dark and blend blend well
with the normal series of other typeface families.  True
"bold" cuts are, unfortunately, not available.



License
=======
Distribution and modification of the the URW Letter 
Gothic fonts are subject to the Aladdin Free Public License
<http://www.artifex.com/downloads/doc/Public.htm>.

  Copyright (c) 2000 by (URW)++ Design & Development



The TeX font metrics, virtual fonts and font definition
files for URW Letter Gothic may be distributed and/or
modified under the conditions of the LaTeX Project Public
License, either version 1.3 of this license or (at your
option) any later version.  The latest version of this
license is in http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt and
version 1.3 or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
version 2003/12/01 or later.

  Copyright (c) 2005 Walter Schmidt

This affects the files in the directories
fonts/tfm/urw/lettergth, fonts/vf/urw/lettrgth and
tex/latex/ulg, as well as the present document.

== finis
