aebacromemory 
Dated: 2020-06-23
Author: D. P. Story

AcroMemory is a memory game in which you find the matching 
tiles. There are two versions, available as options of this 
package, acromemory1 and acromemory2 (the default). 

acromemory1: Here you have a single game board, a rectangular 
region divided by rows and columns. The total number of tiles 
should be even, each tile should have a matching twin. The game 
begins with all the tiles hidden. The user clicks a tile, then 
another. If the tiles do not match, they become hidden again ; 
otherwise, they remain visible and are now read-only. The game 
is complete when the user, with a lot of time on his/her hands, 
matches all tiles. There is a running tabulation kept on the 
number of tries.  There is also a button which resets the game 
and randomizes the tiles. 

acromemory2: For this game you have two identical rectangular 
images subdivided into tiles, which are arrayed in rows and 
columns. The tiles for one of the two images are randomly 
re-arranged. The object of the game is to find all the matching 
tiles by choosing a tile from one image and a tile from the 
other image. As in the first case, if the selected tiles do not 
match, they are hidden after a short interval of time; 
otherwise, they remain visible and are now read-only. The game 
is over when all tiles are matched; when this occurs, 
end-of-game special effects occur that will dazzle the senses. 
There is an option to view a small image to help you locate the 
matching tiles on the non-randomized; useful if the image is 
complex. There is a button which resets the the game and 
randomized the tiles. 

What's New v2.0 (2020-06-23): acromemory has been completely 
re-written so that all LaTeX workflows are now supported: 
pdflatex, lualatex, xelatex, and dvips -> distiller. 

Now, I simply must get back to my retirement.

D. P. Story
dpstory@acrotex.net

