This is the README for the notocondensed package, version
2021-09-07

This package provides pdfLaTeX, XeLaTeX and LuaLaTeX support
for the condensed variants of the NotoSerif, NotoSans and
NotoSansMono families of fonts, designed by Steve Matteson
for Google. 

To install this package on a TDS-compliant
TeX system download the file
"tex-archive"/install/fonts/notocondensed.tds.zip, where the
preferred URL for "tex-archive" is http://mirror.ctan.org.
Unzip the archive at the root of an appropriate texmf tree,
likely a personal or local tree. If necessary, update the
file-name database (e.g., texhash). Update the font-map
files by enabling the Map file notocondensed.map.

To use, add

\usepackage{notocondensed}

to the preamble of your document. This will activate
NotoSerif-Condensed as the main (serifed) text
font, NotoSans-Condensed as the sans font and
NotoSansMono-Condensed as the fixed-width font.

To activate NotoSerif-Condensed without NotoSans-Condensed,
use

\usepackage[rm]{notocondensed}

Similarly, to activate NotoSans-Condensed without
NotoSerif-Condensed use

\usepackage[sf]{notocondensed} 

To use NotoSans-Condensed as the main text font, use the

  sfdefault

option.

This re-defines \familydefault, not \rmdefault. LuaLaTeX and
xeLaTeX users who might prefer type1 fonts or who wish to
avoid fontspec may use the type1 option. Use option nott to
avoid activating NotoMono as the fixed-width font.

To active just NotoSansMono-Condensed, use

\usepackage{notocondensed-mono}

Options scaled=<number> or scale=<number> may be used to
scale the NotoSans-Condensed and NotoSansMono-Condensed
fonts; the serifed variants are not affected.

Font encodings supported are OT1, T1, TS1, LY1, LGR and
T2A/B/C.

The following options may be used:

  pf proportional
  osf oldstyle
  lf lining
  tf tabular

The default figures are lining-tabular. 

Superior numbers (for footnote markers) are available
using \sufigures or \textsu{...}.

  thin
  extralight
  light
  regular
  medium

The default weight is Regular.

  semibold
  bold
  extrabold
  black

The default bold weight is Bold.

  semicondensed
  extracondensed

These options activate variants with less or more, respectively, condensing.

Commands 

  \notoserifcondensed, \notosanscondensed, \notomonocondensed, 
  \notoserifsemicondensed, \notosanssemicondensed, \notomonosemicondensed,
  \notoserifextracondensed, \notosansextracondensed and \notomonoextracondensed 

select those families and 

  \notoserifcondensedlgr, \notosanscondensedlgr and \notomonocondensedlgr

activate the LGR encoding.

The original fonts are available at
https://www.google.com/get/noto and are licensed under the
SIL Open Font License, (version 1.1); the text may be found
in the doc directory. The type1 versions were created using
ccftot1. The support files were created using autoinst and
are licensed under the terms of the LaTeX Project Public
License. The maintainer of this package is Bob Tennent (rdt
at cs.queensu.ca)
