This is the README for the classico package, version
2025-01-10.

This package provides LaTeX, pdfLaTeX, XeLaTeX and LuaLaTeX
support for four URW Classico fonts, which are revisions by
Hermann Zapf for the URW++ foundry of his Optima fonts.

To install this package on a TDS-compliant
TeX system, download the file
"tex-archive"/install/fonts/classico.tds.zip where the
preferred URL for "tex-archive" is http://mirrors.ctan.org.
Unzip the archive at the root of an appropriate texmf tree,
likely a personal or local tree. If necessary, update the
file-name database (e.g., texhash). Update the font-map
files by enabling the Map file classico.map.

To use, add

\usepackage{classico}

to the preamble of your document. This will activate
Classico as the sans-serif text font. The command

\renewcommand\sfdefault{uop}

will also work (for compatibility with legacy documents).

To activate Classico as the main text font, use

\usepackage[sfdefault]{classico}

or 

\renewcommand\familydefault{\sfdefault}

Options scaled=<number> or scale=<number> may be used with
the classico package to scale the fonts.

The only figure style is tabular-lining.

Font encodings supported are OT1, T1, LY1 and TS1. 

Small-caps are available for type1 users only.

LuaLaTeX and xeLaTeX users who might prefer type1 fonts or
who wish to avoid fontspec may use the type1 option.

Command \classico allows for localized use of Classico.

The URW Classico fonts are 

  Copyright (c) 2000 and 2013 by (URW)++ Design & Development 

The original TrueType fonts were obtained from

http://svn.ghostscript.com/ghostscript/trunk/ghostpdl/urwfonts/

Distribution and modification of these fonts was allowed
subject to the Alladin General Public License, which was
located at

http://svn.ghostscript.com/ghostscript/trunk/ghostpdl/COPYING.AFPL

and is included in the archive as

  doc/fonts/classco/AFPL.htm

Note that only *non-commercial* distribution is permitted by
this license.

The AFPL has apparently been replaced by the Affero General
Public Licence which is available here:

https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html

and has also been included in the archive as

  doc/fonts/classico/agpl-3.0.txt

It is not clear whether this free license applies to the
URWClassico fonts which are no longer distributed with
ghostscript.

URW++ has corrected the original fonts and added many
accented glyphs. These corrected and extended fonts are
included in this package with their permission.

The support files were created using autoinst and
otftotfm version 2.110, and are licensed under the terms of
the LaTeX Project Public License. The maintainer of this
package is Bob Tennent (rdtennent at gmail.com).
