.TH getnonfreefonts 1 "Jan 2025" "TeX Live" "TeX Live"
.SH NAME
getnonfreefonts \- download and install fonts which cannot be
distributed on a CD/DVD because the license doesn't allow to charge
money for the distribution.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.BI "getnonfreefonts --sys [" options "] [" font1 "] [" font2 "] [" font... ]
.sp
.BI "getnonfreefonts --user [" options "] [" font1 "] [" font2 "] [" font... ]

In nearly all cases you should use getnonfreefonts --sys.  For special cases see 
.br
    http://tug.org/texlive/scripts-sys-user.html
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
Some font suppliers provide fonts which can be used freely but they
disallow that money is charged for the distribution.  Hence, for
distributions on CD or DVD it is usually impossible to include
these fonts.

.B "getnonfreefonts"
downloads and installs these fonts.

.B "getnonfreefonts --sys" 
installs files to $TEXMFLOCAL
and
.B "getnonfreefonts --user"
installs files to $TEXMFHOME

.BI "getnonfreefonts"
downloads and executes a helper script each time it is invoked.  This
script is not installed permanently on your system and only exists in
a temporary directory while
.BI "getnonfreefonts"
is running.  It allows 
.BI "getnonfreefonts"
to be aware of updates and new fonts.

Run
.B "getnonfreefonts --sys --lsfonts"
or
.B "getnonfreefonts --user --lsfonts"
to get a list of supported fonts.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR "-a" , " --all"
.rg
Install all fonts.

.TP
.BR "-d" , " --debug"
.rg
Provide additional messages for debugging.  These messages are sent to
STDERR.

.TP
.BR "-f" , " --force"
.rg
Install fonts even if they are installed already.

.TP
.BR "-h" , " --help"
.rg
Print a help message.  Nothing is installed but the directories where
the fonts will be installed and the temporary directory are shown.
.BI "<" PID ">" 
will be replaced by the process ID of the current
process. 

.TP
.BR "-l" , " --lsfonts"
.rg
List all available fonts and tell whether they are installed already. 

.TP
.BR "-r" , " --refreshmap"
.rg
Register 
.B map 
files for already installed fonts and run 
.B updmap. 
This is needed after upgrading TeX Live to a newer release.

.TP
.BR "-v", " --verbose"
.rg
Be more verbose.

.TP
.BR "-V", " --version"
.rg
Print version number.

.SH REQUIREMENTS
On Unix systems
.BR "unzip"
and either
.BR "wget"
or 
.BR "curl"
must exist.

.SH BUGS
Please send bug reports to Reinhard Kotucha <reinhard.kotucha@gmx.de>.
